- JESSE: Had to take
a detour into the quarry but...
I found plenty.
Here.
- MARSHAL: We will start
HRA production immediately.
I promised I tell you about Dylan
once you helped us.
- JESSE: This is it!
She knows.
17 years avoided.
- MARSHAL: Your brother is here.
He was once known as Prime Candidate 6.
Code name "P6."
We brought him here
after the Ordinary event.
He was ### to be the future director.
He has talent far beyond
any other candidates in the programme.
- JESSE: Of course, he did.
We found you together, we share a bond.
Are you with him now?
So you "kidnapped" him?
- MARSHAL: We took him in.
Your parents vanished along with
every other adults in Ordinary.
Eventually, his power changed him.
There were casualities.
He wasn't fit to be the director.
- JESSE: Did you know about this?
Is this why you didn't bring me here sooner?
Were you keeping me away?
Where is Dylan?
- MARSHAL: He's kept in the Containment Sector.
In the Panopticon.
- JESSE: My brother...
I thought we were the same.
What if we are?
I'm going.
Now.
- MARSHAL: I expected as much.
I need to go check on something.
Something I cannot let the Hiss find.
It shouldn't take long, but...
...you must watch the bureau while I'm gone.
And remember...
Dylan is dangerous.
Do not let him out, director Faden.
- JESSE: How do I make her
stop calling me that?
I'm not here for them.
Nothing's simple here.
These people took my brother but...
They accepted me without question.
Are they my enemies or... my friends?
I need to see Dylan.
I need to know.
I wish you could tell me what you know.
Explain things.
Just...
Just stay with me, okay?
I could use a friend right now.